pages/Modules/Player/AutoPot.mdx, before:

import { Callout, Steps, Cards, Card } from "nextra/components";

## Auto Pot Documentation

### Overview

<Callout type="default" emoji="️🚀">
Bind this module to a key to automatically consume potions when your health is low.
</Callout>

### Options

- **Automatically Throws Potions**: Enables the module to automatically use potions for healing or providing buffs.

- **Health Threshold**: Set the health level (between 1 and 20) at which potions are automatically thrown. The default setting is 10, meaning if your health drops to this level or below, a potion will be used to heal you.

- **Randomized Rotations**: When enabled, this feature randomizes your character's rotation when throwing a potion, making it harder for observers to detect the use of automation.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant Player
    participant AutoPot
    participant GameEnvironment

    Player ->> GameEnvironment: Takes damage
    GameEnvironment -->> AutoPot: Update player's health
    AutoPot -->> AutoPot: Check health threshold
    AutoPot ->> GameEnvironment: Adjust rotation (if random rotation enabled)
    AutoPot ->> GameEnvironment: Throw potion
    GameEnvironment -->> Player: Health restored
```

Commit message:

feat: Add Auto Pot module documentation
This commit adds documentation for the Auto Pot module, which automatically selects and throws healing potions. The documentation provides an overview of the module's functionality and how to bind it to a key for automatic potion consumption when health is low.

pages/Modules/Player/AutoPot.mdx, after:

import { Callout, Steps, Cards, Card } from "nextra/components";

## Auto Pot Documentation

### Overview
The Auto Pot module automatically selects and throws healing potions.


<Callout type="default" emoji="️🚀">
Bind this module to a key to automatically consume potions when your health is low.
</Callout>

### Options

- **Automatically Throws Potions**: Enables the module to automatically use potions for healing or providing buffs.

- **Health Threshold**: Set the health level (between 1 and 20) at which potions are automatically thrown. The default setting is 10, meaning if your health drops to this level or below, a potion will be used to heal you.

- **Randomized Rotations**: When enabled, this feature randomizes your character's rotation when throwing a potion, making it harder for observers to detect the use of automation.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant Player
    participant AutoPot
    participant GameEnvironment

    Player ->> GameEnvironment: Takes damage
    GameEnvironment -->> AutoPot: Update player's health
    AutoPot -->> AutoPot: Check health threshold
    AutoPot ->> GameEnvironment: Adjust rotation (if random rotation enabled)
    AutoPot ->> GameEnvironment: Throw potion
    GameEnvironment -->> Player: Health restored
```
